c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.EyeX.Client.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libsodium.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\i386\libsodium.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.so
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.so
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Model.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Net.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.xml
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe.config
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
c:\users\augusto\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe.config
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.EyeX.Client.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.so
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.so
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Model.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Net.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.xml
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe.config
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.EyeX.Client.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\amd64\libzmq.so
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\i386\libzmq.so
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.exe
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\TobiiStream.pdb
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Model.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\Tobii.Interaction.Net.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\bin\x86\Release\ZeroMQ.xml
C:\Users\Augusto\Documents\gazetrack\TobiiStream\TobiiStream\obj\x86\Release\TobiiStream.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
